[WIP] Add developer documentation (#52)
WordPress/wordpress-wasm: docs/index.md

<!--meta-description
WordPress.wasm is a client-side WordPress that runs without a PHP server thanks to the magic of WebAssembly.
-->

# Introduction

- [What is WordPress.wasm?](#what-is-wordpress-wasm?)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Hello world](#hello-world)

---

### What is WordPress.wasm?

WordPress.wasm is a client-side WordPress that runs without a PHP server thanks to the magic of WebAssembly.

See the [live demo](https://wasm.wordpress.net/wordpress-browser.html).

WordPress.wasm can power:

> * Runeditable code examples in your documentation or course

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run editable code examples in your documentation or course
```
Unless there's a technical word: `Runeditable`.

cd wordpress-wasm
npm install
npm run dev
```

A browser should open and take you to your very own client-side WordPress at http://127.0.0.1:8777/wordpress-browser.html! 

From here you can start playing with the code – [src/web/](https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-wasm/tree/trunk/src) is a good place to start.

## Repository structure

WordPress.wasm consists of:

* PHP to WASM compilation pipeline
* WordPress bundler
* A JavaScript library to run WordPress in the browser
* A JavaScript library to run WordPress in Node.js

### PHP to WASM compilation pipeline

WordPress cannot run without PHP, so this repo embeds a set of scripts to compile PHP to a `.wasm` file. You'll find them in `wasm-build/php`. 

#### Running the build scripts

PHP builds can be conveniently triggered using npm scripts:

* `npm run build:php:web` compiles PHP to a web-optimized `.wasm` binary
* `npm run build:php:node` compiles PHP to a node.js-optimized `.wasm` binary

The `.wasm` binaries are standalone. The web version doesn't require the node.js binary and vice versa.

Here's what the build scripts do:

1. Build the docker image
2. Build the php.wasm binary

> 3. Copy php.wasm to a target directory

Reviewer 2: Here's a list of all build scripts, copied from [this PR comment](https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-wasm/pull/25#issuecomment-1270356783) and updated to reflect the newest `package.json`. I figured the full list would be helpful for future contributors. As a rough draft, I added task descriptions - the wording and format may need improvement.

- `dev` - Build for development, watch files, rebuild on change - Alias for `dev:web`
  - `dev:web` - Build for web target - Runs `dev:web:*` in parallel
    - `dev:web:app` - Run `build:web` with watch option
    - `dev:web:serve` - Run live server
  - `dev:node` - Build for node target - Runs `./src/node/command.mjs`
- `build` - Build for production - Alias for `build:web`
  - `build:web` - Build web app, service worker, web worker, HTML, PHP in `dist-web` folder - Runs `build.js` for web target
  - `build:node` - Build Node.js app in `dist-node` folder - Runs `build.js` for node target
  - `build:php:web` - Build PHP to WASM for web target - Runs `wasm-build/php/build-wasm.sh`
  - `build:php:node` - Build PHP to WASM for node target - Runs `wasm-build/php/build-wasm.sh`
  - `build:wp` - Create WordPress bundle `wp.data` - Runs the following scripts in `wasm-build/wordpress-data` folder
    - `prepare-wordpress.sh`
    - `bundle-data.sh`
    - `web-publish.sh`
    - `node-publish.sh`
  - `build:wpnet` - Run `build:web` with remote worker origin `wordpress.net`
  - `build:app` - Run `build:web` and `build:node` sequentially
- `clean` - Remove built artifacts - Runs `clean:*` in parallel
  - `clean:php` - Remove built artifacts in `dist-web/wasm-build/php`
  - `clean:wp` - Remove built artifacts in `dist-web/wasm-build/wordpress`

---

Raw Markdown for easier copying.

```
- `dev` - Build for development, watch files, rebuild on change - Alias for `dev:web`
  - `dev:web` - Build for web target - Runs `dev:web:*` in parallel
    - `dev:web:app` - Run `build:web` with watch option
    - `dev:web:serve` - Run live server
  - `dev:node` - Build for node target - Runs `./src/node/command.mjs`
- `build` - Build for production - Alias for `build:web`
  - `build:web` - Build web app, service worker, web worker, HTML, PHP in `dist-web` folder - Runs `build.js` for web target
  - `build:node` - Build Node.js app in `dist-node` folder - Runs `build.js` for node target
  - `build:php:web` - Build PHP to WASM for web target - Runs `wasm-build/php/build-wasm.sh`
  - `build:php:node` - Build PHP to WASM for node target - Runs `wasm-build/php/build-wasm.sh`
  - `build:wp` - Create WordPress bundle `wp.data` - Runs the following scripts in `wasm-build/wordpress-data` folder
    - `prepare-wordpress.sh`
    - `bundle-data.sh`
    - `web-publish.sh`
    - `node-publish.sh`
  - `build:wpnet` - Run `build:web` with remote worker origin `wordpress.net`
  - `build:app` - Run `build:web` and `build:node` sequentially
- `clean` - Remove built artifacts - Runs `clean:*` in parallel
  - `clean:php` - Remove built artifacts in `dist-web/wasm-build/php`
  - `clean:wp` - Remove built artifacts in `dist-web/wasm-build/wordpress`
```
